Allow only [a-z0-9] at the start of package name (#33)
npm/validate-npm-package-name: README.md

Below is a list of rules that valid `npm` package name should conform to.

- package name length should be greater than zero

> - package name should not be start from a special character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- package name should not start with a special character
```

Author: Done

> - package name should not have any uppercase letter.

Reviewer: remove full stop for consistency

```suggestion
- package name should not have any uppercase letter
```

> - package name should not have any uppercase letter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- all the characters in the package name must be lowercase i.e., no uppercase or mixed case names are allowed
```

Keep the original line?

- package name *can* consist of hyphens
- package name must *not* contain any non-url-safe characters (since name ends up being part of a URL)
- package name should *not* contain any leading or trailing spaces
- package name should *not* contain any of the following characters: `~)('!*`

> - package name *cannot* be the same as a node.js/io.js core module nor a reserved/blacklisted name. For example, the following names are invalid:

Reviewer: Update the examples section below.

Author: Will do it once I get the confirmation from Stefan regarding the "@" at the beginning of package name.

Author: No need to update the examples now.
